<head>
<title>Project 1</title>
</head>
Browsers-For the past few years, Google Chrome has become so convenient for me that I just use it all the time on my iPhone or laptop. I don't bother using Safari at all since it always has connection problems. What I like about the Chrome browser and what makes it easy to use. I can search anything easily on my search engine without having to click on the Google search bar. Also, my links save on my history. Google Chrome has a way of finding information very quickly, for instance, if I want to find out a store's business hours, it automatically appears. It will only do that however, if the browser knows your location. It is somewhat more reliable than Siri. I don't mind using other browsers. It's just that Google Chrome is easiest.

The Way Back Machine-I remember when my mother got our first desktop computer in 1998 or 1999. We were using Windows 95. Boy, has it changed. We used the phone internet connection which was so old-fashioned even for that time. I was knew to computers and I learned how to use the Paint program at a very young age. The browser we used that was most popular at the time was Internet Explorer which I still don't mind using today, and the search engine we used was MSN search which later became Windows Live Search. I used MSN Messenger which was quite popular in its day and I miss using this messenger. It was fun and had many emojis. It developed through time and became more advanced, but then people started using Facebook more often. The main differences with browsers at the time though was that you could only have one window open at a time, within one web browser. What I liked about Mozilla Firefox and later browsers was that you could have multiple windows open within one browser. It became useful.

Work Cycle-This was an intriguing lesson for me. The song I chose was Superman by Five For Fighting. There are too many songs to chose from, but it was a song I happened to remember the lyrics very well. I like this song and I think it really emphasizes the character of Superman. I have been a fan of Superman since childhood which is also why I chose this song. The only thing I haven't figured out about this lesson is posting the image on my website. Still learning.
